templates/neurotypical/project-map.md, before:

---
mode: neurotypical
template: project-map
---
# Neurotypical Project Map Templates

## Project Phase Map

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    subgraph Phase1[Phase 1: Discovery]
        A1[Requirements] --> A2[Research]
        A2 --> A3[Feasibility]
    end

    subgraph Phase2[Phase 2: Design]
        B1[Architecture] --> B2[UI/UX]
        B2 --> B3[Database Schema]
    end

    subgraph Phase3[Phase 3: Implementation]
        C1[Backend] --> C2[Frontend]
        C2 --> C3[Integration]
    end

    subgraph Phase4[Phase 4: Launch]
        D1[Testing] --> D2[Deployment]
        D2 --> D3[Monitoring]
    end

    Phase1 --> Phase2 --> Phase3 --> Phase4
```

## Dependency Diagram

```mermaid
graph TB
    A[Component A] --> C[Component C]
    B[Component B] --> C
    C --> D[Component D]
    C --> E[Component E]
    D --> F[Final Product]
    E --> F

    style A fill:#e8f4f8
    style B fill:#e8f4f8
    style F fill:#d4edda
```

**Characteristics:**
- Clear phase separation
- Dependency relationships explicit
- Standard project management format
- Assumes sequential execution capability

Commit message:

feat: release v3.0.0 with cognitive mode toggle
- Add adaptive mode detection (neurodivergent/neurotypical)
- Manual override capability via mode parameter
- Enhanced accessibility with colorblind-safe modes
- Improved templates for both cognitive styles
- Updated documentation and examples

This release makes the skill more inclusive by auto-detecting user needs
while allowing explicit mode selection when needed.

templates/neurotypical/project-map.md, after:

---
mode: neurotypical
template: project-map
created: 2025-11-03T00:25
updated: 2025-11-04T13:21
---
# Neurotypical Project Map Templates

## Project Phase Map

```mermaid
flowchart LR
    subgraph Phase1[Phase 1: Discovery]
        A1[Requirements] --> A2[Research]
        A2 --> A3[Feasibility]
    end

    subgraph Phase2[Phase 2: Design]
        B1[Architecture] --> B2[UI/UX]
        B2 --> B3[Database Schema]
    end

    subgraph Phase3[Phase 3: Implementation]
        C1[Backend] --> C2[Frontend]
        C2 --> C3[Integration]
    end

    subgraph Phase4[Phase 4: Launch]
        D1[Testing] --> D2[Deployment]
        D2 --> D3[Monitoring]
    end

    Phase1 --> Phase2 --> Phase3 --> Phase4
```

[🎨 Edit Flowchart in mermaid.live](https://mermaid.live/edit#flowchart%20LR%0A%20%20%20%20subgraph%20Phase1%5BPhase%201%3A%20Discovery%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20A1%5BRequirements%5D%20--%3E%20A2%5BResearch%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20A2%20--%3E%20A3%5BFeasibility%5D%0A%20%20%20%20end%0A%0A%20%20%20%20subgraph%20Phase2%5BPhase%202%3A%20Design%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20B1%5BArchitecture%5D%20--%3E%20B2%5BUI%2FUX%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20B2%20--%3E%20B3%5BDatabase%20Schema%5D%0A%20%20%20%20end%0A%0A%20%20%20%20subgraph%20Phase3%5BPhase%203%3A%20Implementation%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20C1%5BBackend%5D%20--%3E%20C2%5BFrontend%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20C2%20--%3E%20C3%5BIntegration%5D%0A%20%20%20%20end%0A%0A%20%20%20%20subgraph%20Phase4%5BPhase%204%3A%20Launch%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20D1%5BTesting%5D%20--%3E%20D2%5BDeployment%5D%0A%20%20%20%20%20%20%20%20D2%20--%3E%20D3%5BMonitoring%5D%0A%20%20%20%20end%0A%0A%20%20%20%20Phase1%20--%3E%20Phase2%20--%3E%20Phase3%20--%3E%20Phase4%0A)


## Dependency Diagram

```mermaid
graph TB
    A[Component A] --> C[Component C]
    B[Component B] --> C
    C --> D[Component D]
    C --> E[Component E]
    D --> F[Final Product]
    E --> F

    style A fill:#e8f4f8
    style B fill:#e8f4f8
    style F fill:#d4edda
```

[🎨 Edit Diagram in mermaid.live](https://mermaid.live/edit#graph%20TB%0A%20%20%20%20A%5BComponent%20A%5D%20--%3E%20C%5BComponent%20C%5D%0A%20%20%20%20B%5BComponent%20B%5D%20--%3E%20C%0A%20%20%20%20C%20--%3E%20D%5BComponent%20D%5D%0A%20%20%20%20C%20--%3E%20E%5BComponent%20E%5D%0A%20%20%20%20D%20--%3E%20F%5BFinal%20Product%5D%0A%20%20%20%20E%20--%3E%20F%0A%0A%20%20%20%20style%20A%20fill%3A%23e8f4f8%0A%20%20%20%20style%20B%20fill%3A%23e8f4f8%0A%20%20%20%20style%20F%20fill%3A%23d4edda%0A)


**Characteristics:**
- Clear phase separation
- Dependency relationships explicit
- Standard project management format
- Assumes sequential execution capability
